MySQL: update readme; complete initializing a fresh instance paragraph (#2627)
docker-library/docs: mysql/content.md

# Initializing a fresh instance

> When a container is started for the first time, a new database with the specified name will be created and initialized with the provided configuration variables. Furthermore, it will execute files with extensions `.sh`, `.sql`, `.sql.gz`, `.sql.bz2`, `.sql.xz` and `.sql.zst` that are found in `/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d`. Files will be executed in alphabetical order. `.sh` files without file execute permission are sourced rather than executed. You can easily populate your `%%IMAGE%%` services by [mounting a SQL dump into that directory](https://docs.docker.com/storage/bind-mounts/) and provide [custom images](https://docs.docker.com/reference/dockerfile/) with contributed data. SQL files will be imported by default to the database specified by the `MYSQL_DATABASE` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a container is started for the first time, a new database with the specified name will be created and initialized with the provided configuration variables. Furthermore, it will execute files with extensions `.sh`, `.sql`, `.sql.gz`, `.sql.bz2`, `.sql.xz`, and `.sql.zst` that are found in `/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d`. Files will be executed in alphabetical order. When parsing `.sh` files without the execute bit set, they are `source`d rather than executed.

You can easily populate your `%%IMAGE%%` services by [mounting a SQL dump into that directory](https://docs.docker.com/storage/bind-mounts/) and provide [custom images](https://docs.docker.com/reference/dockerfile/) with contributed data. SQL files will be imported by default to the database specified by the `MYSQL_DATABASE` variable.
```

- oxford comma (I was going to ignore this one because the prior text _also_ didn't use it :facepalm:  but then I had another suggestion so I figured it's worth noting while nothing this other suggestion:)
- slight re-word to avoid `.sh` at the start of a sentence (which creates an awkward flow)
- making `source` in `source`d a code block (so it's more clear this is the shell's concept of `source`, specifically)
- separating what's now a very long single block into two blocks
